    Dear Browser,

    This is just a hobby project, written by a lifelong nerd and fulltime grill
cook, in his off hours. I don't know where it's going, I'm just kind of following
the flow and going where my whims take me.

    Growing up I loved to code (I'm 27). I found Python a few years ago and the
first thing I did beyond your basic hello world was write a little mud server 
with it. I was astonished at the ease with which Python allowed me to get a server
up and running, something that I struggled with in the past in C. I remember
my first attempts at writing a mud server in C or C++ would take hours just to 
get the basic skeleton up, just to get it into a state where you could connect.

    Now with Python I'm throwing up new features and barely even trying. And
most importantly, I'm _HAVING FUN_. That's what this is all about, a bit of fun.
There will probably be nothing in here for you to learn from, unless you want
to learn how not to do things, and if that's the case, you're a bit of a weirdo.

    It's sloppy, it's messy, it's probably "non-pythonic" and a complete horror
show to you experienced coders out there. But right now I'm just interested in 
something that works. I have no deadlines. If tomorrow I find out I did something
stupid and 90% of the code has to be refactored, I'll probably just suck it up and
type it back out.

    Then, one day when it all works and is in playable shape, I'll start crunching
the code down. Making it more efficient and more clever. Easier to read. Well-
documented. Beautiful little comments worth a hundred words in 80 characters or
less. 

    But right now, I'm just going with what works.

    Oh and before I forget: feel free to fork this project or do whatever you'd
like with the code. I give the source to the universe. Let's face it, there isn't
a lot of money to be made with a MUD server, especially one as poorly written as
this. And besides, if you do something clever with the code and make a billion
dollars, it was your clever idea that made you that billion dollars, not my
miserable code. Although if you'd like to send me a couple million it would not
be rejected out of principle.

    Thanks for reading, and if you've got something to say, email me 
(frenik@gmail.com).